Mass merging vnext to master for 17.0 release. (#3988)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/geo-map-binding-multiple-shapes.md

<div class="divider--half"></div>

> This topic takes you step-by-step towards displaying multiple geographic series in the map component. All geographic series plot following geo-spatial data loaded from shape files using the [`IgxShapeDataSource`]({environment:dvApiBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui-angular/api/docs/typescript/latest/classes/undefined.igxshapedatasource.html) class. Refer to the [Binding Shape Files](geo-map-binding-shp-file.md) topic for more information about [`IgxShapeDataSource`]({environment:dvApiBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui-angular/api/docs/typescript/latest/classes/undefined.igxshapedatasource.html) object.

Reviewer: That's can't be right.. right?

Reviewer: Took some doing, but I did find the correct link this is supposed to have - https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-angular/api/docs/typescript/latest/classes/igniteui_angular_core.igxshapedatasource.html
So:
```suggestion
This topic takes you step-by-step towards displaying multiple geographic series in the map component. All geographic series plot following geo-spatial data loaded from shape files using the [`IgxShapeDataSource`]({environment:dvApiBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui-angular/api/docs/typescript/latest/classes/igniteui_angular_core.igxshapedatasource.html) class. Refer to the [Binding Shape Files](geo-map-binding-shp-file.md) topic for more information about [`IgxShapeDataSource`]({environment:dvApiBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui-angular/api/docs/typescript/latest/classes/igniteui_angular_core.igxshapedatasource.html) object.
```
Not sure which PR this came from, but can we track it and notify this is probably getting generated wrong.
